hi my name is Lonnie and I am learning
how cookie so washer handsome let's get
started here are the steps to making
blackberry jam you pick the black the
black their berries and without too much
blood then you pour them in here and
finish up and then you get a bucket here
and you look for all the little things
that you can pick off why do you rinse
them so stiff posed a big stuff like
like stuff like big hairs like something
like these personally yeah don't get
into our blackberry jam yeah I'm making
blackberry jam with this butcher okay so
what's the hook we've done so far two
cups and it's awful me and my mom takes
these ourselves we didn't buy them of
course I like them better work when we
pick them
ok good luck berries with our new name
blackberry jam hmm hmm you beat you guys
up so now we need for three
and I'm just be cute and I'm doing it
all by myself next I'm can I get one in
half cups of sugar in here exactly right
next for this in here right
see you sing me one night or sugar for
the okay I get this
the freshest buried are the best and
they're all mine all the things and my
mom is going to stir with this but I
hold on like this and poured the fruit
mix thingy so much and I feel quite very
slowly you can tip it faster than that
no you're still wild left I'll take over
now okay
the African good this is a lot in here
come how long we have to serve for three
me and then you have that sit for five
and now let's step now I'm sat for five
minutes let's see if it's thickened yep
it sure has thickened now okay um we're
ready I can pour them into the cups how
much will it make you'll make five cups
and we have to leave a little space at
the top or gap and freezer
want to drip onto my finger set he
hasn't necessarily you guys first make
some toast
oops that one in little too cool no then
I can wait it's like what wait hold on
grandma's got an idea yes it's not too
going around there yeah this can go in
your mouth how's it taste let me just
fix right now no you home ok you can
lick that spoon to now you don't need no
toast I want I want to know how it
tastes can't shake the best thing in
here I than I do I'd like to thank my
grandma come on over here and she think
in the ball yummy this is delicious
thank you we may vary who's Jim is
delicious
and the see-cret kit kat cut the secret
ingredient is always love